docs: ovh3 sdb disk replacement (#495)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-infrastructure: docs/reports/2025-06-27-ovh3-disk-replace.md

echo 15000 > /sys/module/zfs/parameters/zfs_resilver_min_time_ms
```

> zpool estimates me it gonna take 1day and 6 hours (but it took far more, at least 4 days).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
zpool estimates me it gonna take 1 day and 6 hours (but it took far more, at least 4 days).
```
